Now, with the release of the second book, I'm eager to hear our thoughts and see your creativity in action. I would love to see the writing prompts you've created for each song and chapter. Your unique interpretations and stories add a special dimension to this journey. Happy reading and writing!

 

Unwritten by Natasha BedingfieldChapter 1Emmy was helping Adam play with toys. She is such a good big sis already.Lucius watched the kids play, feeling emotional.Rodolphus smiled. "Can you believe they are 5 and 4 already, love?"Lucius cried.Rodolphus hugged him. "I know, Lucius. Where did the time go? I'm so happy they have each other.""Abraxas and Harden are hosting a party. They're going to invite the Lestrange's and other pure-blood families. Tom and the Death Eaters are going to be there as well. It's going to be an open thing for the public."Lucius and Rodolphus looked at each other. "Let's get ready, Rod." They collected the children, bathed them, and dressed them in little matching clothes before getting ready themselves.They floo to Malfoy Manor, making the jump from Lestrange Manor.Walking in, they took a breath."Harden, you guys are here!""Abraxas, hi son."Emmy and Adam ran up to them. "Grandma and Grandpa!"Harden scooped up Emmy, and Abraxas scooped up Adam."Lucius, Mom, Dad."The kids got down and stayed by their parents.As the crowds gathered, Lucius greeted everyone.He greeted his grandfather. Tom chuckled. "Lucius, where are my great-grandchildren?"Rodolphus huffed. "They are ignoring me." Walking over, Adam and Emmy greeted Gramps.Harden chuckled.Abraxas grinned at the littles.Lucius caught sight of someone in the crowd and shook, grabbing Rodolphus's hand."Harden, baby, what's wrong?"Everyone looked at him while he stared at the group.Rod growled. "What are they doing here?""Abraxas, what's going on?"Tom frowned. "Who are they, Rodolphus?""They have been tormenting Lucius. I'm going to kill them," Rodolphus said, shaking his head.Emmy bumped into someone. "Sorry," she muttered.The main group leader sneered. "Watch where you're going, brat." The rest laughed. "Wait, I know you. Where are your parents?"Emmy shook. "Mama!" she cried.Lucius looked up and saw Emmy. Rushing to her, he said, "Baby, what happened?"Emmy pointed at them.Lucius grew very angry. "Emmy, what did they do?" His eyes caught everyone's as his magic began to build.Messing with him was one thing, but his children? That was different.Rodolphus made his way over. "Emmy, what happened?" He took Lucius's hand.Emmy sniffed. "I bumped into him, and he yelled at me, called me a brat.""Go to Grandma, baby." Adam went to his sister, hugging her. "You okay?" he asked.He watched his parents. "Mama, Daddy, take care of it."Tom looked mad, walking over. "Who are you four? What are you doing here? Why is my grandchild crying?"They grinned. "Why us? We didn't do anything. They're just children; they don't know anything."Rodolphus looked at one of them and gasped. "You piece of shit."Lucius looked at him."Stay away from her, or so help me God," Rodolphus said. "You had a choice. Now you don't." He stepped up. "I'm not the teen I was before. My magic is much stronger than last time. Go before I make you."Thorne laughed. "Oh really? You think you can stop me from taking what's mine to begin with?"Rabastan walked over, standing by Rodolphus. "You will not touch either of them. You assholes better be glad I didn't find you back then."Rodolphus went to Emmy, hugging her tight. "Baby girl, it's okay. Calm down." He looked at Lucius. "It's him, isn't it?"Rodolphus nodded.Their parents came over, standing in front of their children. "Back up now, leave him alone.""Tom, what happened, Rodolphus?""He's Emmy's father, not by choice. It was by force," Rodolphus looked down.Lucius held him. "It's okay," he whispered.Abraxas and Harden stepped up. "Oh really, that's what you are?"The Death Eaters stepped up, binding him in place. "My lord," one said."Take him. Go," Tom ordered.Rodolphus looked at him. "My lord?"Tom nodded. "No one hurts family. Not ever.""Lucius, thanks, Gramps.""Rodolphus, thank you."Harden spoke. "Father, I want them destroyed now."Emmy and Adam calmed down, holding their parents. Rodolphus and Lucius looked at them. "It's okay. You are safe. No one will touch you.""Rodolphus, let's go home, Lucius. I can't take anymore. I want to be home."They took their leave, heading back to Lestrange Manor before Rodolphus broke down crying.Lucius held him. "They are gone. You are safe and a great dad to our precious child."Word count 769

Surger by Maroon 5Chapter 2"Lucius, we should have a day out with the children soon," Rodolphus suggested."We should," Lucius agreed."The park! Please, Mama, Daddy!" the kids shouted."Park it is. Do you want to go now?" Rodolphus asked."Why not before bed?" Lucius replied.They all went to the park, which happened to be on Malfoy grounds.Lucius took Adam to the swings and pushed him, smiling at the giggling baby.Emmy was climbing up the slide with Rodolphus's help, smiling brightly.Rodolphus and Lucius switched kids for something new, and they both ended up in the sand.Harden walked out after hearing giggles from the garden.Emmy and Adam saw him and shouted, "Grandma!""Hi, Mom," Lucius greeted."Hi," Rodolphus added."Grandma, play please," Emmy asked."Not right now, sweetheart. Grandma is tired," Harden replied."Are you okay, Mom?" Lucius asked, looking worried."I'm fine. Your father and I had a date night," Harden explained.Lucius blushed. "No, please."Harden laughed. "Yes, Lucius, that's why.""Did not need that image in my mind," Lucius muttered.Rodolphus chuckled. "Well, at least he's still got it."Harden laughed."Not you too," Lucius said, shaking his head."Mama, Daddy, play!" Emmy and Adam called."See you guys later. Love you," Harden said, waving as she left.Lucius and Rodolphus went back to playing with the kids until it was time for lunch."Yes, please!" the kids cheered.They all ate lunch together.Word count 238

Maps by Maroon 5Chapter 3Lucius and Rodolphus were preparing for their kids' 14th birthday party, thinking, "Where did the time go? It feels like yesterday we were giving birth to them."Not once did they regret it.Emmy and Adam had put together a list of people they wanted to come.Lucius smiled as he invited everyone to come.Harden and Abraxas smiled at their invite. "Where did the time go, love?"Rabastan and his parents were thinking the same thing. "Time flies."Emmy jumped around. "Mama, Dad, come on! People are already here."Rodolphus huffed. "I know, baby. Give me a moment to catch my breath.""Relax, Emmy. Adam, are you ready?" Lucius asked, holding Rodolphus's hand.They walked in, and Emmy hugged everyone. Adam followed her around.Harden and Abraxas hugged their son and son-in-law.Rodolphus's family did the same. Rabastan looked at Rodolphus. "Is everything okay?""I'm fine," Rodolphus said, rolling his eyes.Lucius chuckled.Harden looked at them with a brow raised."I'm fine, geez. Not a child anymore," Rodolphus said."Dad, Mama, can Emmy and I open presents, please?" Adam asked."You sure can," Lucius said.Emmy looked at the one from Rodolphus first. Adam opened the one from Lucius.The kids gasped.Everyone looked at them in surprise."Show everyone, baby," Lucius encouraged."Come on, show them," Rodolphus urged.The kids showed adoption papers.Harden, Abraxas, Rabastan, and his parents looked shocked."Tonight, you both will be Malfoy-Lestrange," Lucius announced.Emmy hugged them. Adam said, "Thank you," hugging his sister. "Finally," he mumbled.Rodolphus laughed.Emmy glared at him. "This is no laughing matter. It's about time," she said, stomping her foot.Lucius chuckled. "Okay, you two, open the rest. Leave the last two from us till the end."Everyone smiled as the kids opened each one, hugging whoever it was from.They opened the last two with a shriek. "Finally!" they shouted, running to their parents and hugging them, especially Rodolphus.Lucius asked, "Want to tell everyone what it is?"They held up their shirts, revealing "Big Brother" and "Big Sister."Harden looked at them for a moment before grinning. "I knew it.""Well, congrats, you two. I'm guessing Rodolphus is the one pregnant then," Abraxas said."Yep," Rodolphus confirmed.Lucius hugged his parents.Rabastan said, "I already knew. He's snappy and already annoyed at me." He chuckled.Lucius laughed. "This time, he might just hex you.""Not my fault it was annoying. I wasn't even going to do anything," Rodolphus pouted."No, no, brother. I know you all too well. You are trigger-happy. Still are," Rabastan said."Oh really, am I now?" Rodolphus replied. "Emmy, Uncle is picking on me."Emmy glared. "Leave Dad alone," she said, pulling her wand and sending a stinging hex.Everyone laughed at poor Rabastan."No, not another one," he moaned."Leave Dad alone then," Emmy said.Rodolphus shrugged and grinned. "Baby, want to go eat?"Lucius grinned too.Adam called, "Sissy, come on. Mama has that look."Lucius looked offended. "Hey, now, I do not."Rodolphus chuckled. "You do, Lucy. What did you do?""I did nothing," Lucius said, sticking his nose in the air.Emmy rolled her eyes. "Come on, Adam, let's see what they--""Hey!" they shouted. "Why is it half blue and half pink? We wanted purple."Rodolphus looked shocked. "Lucius, what did you do? Please tell me that's not what the healer told you," he huffed.Lucius grinned. "Sorry, Rod, not my fault.""Then how did it happen?" Rodolphus exclaimed.Lucius shrugged. "You're a twin. It was bound to happen."Emmy and Adam asked, "Mama, is this what we think it is?""Yep," Lucius confirmed. "Brother and sister."Rodolphus grumbled. "You should have told me. Never will I let the healer talk to you alone." He stomped his foot."Rod, I love you," Lucius said with cheekiness.Harden smiled. "Well, this is shock but a good one. I love you guys so much."Rabastan said, "This is amazing! Another set of twins. Our legacy will live on." He exclaimed.Rodolphus grinned. "The next set of twins to storm Hogwarts." They high-fived."All the pranks. This is great. Rab, do you still have the book?"Rabastan summoned it. "Let's see... this one? No, that one? Or that one?"Lucius looked at them. "Um, what?"Their parents groaned. "Not this time. They are the book, yes," Rodolphus and Rabastan both said. "That's ours."Their parents rolled their eyes. "What even is this?"Harden and Abraxas asked, "Want to share with the class?""Is that the famous book of Slytherin?" Lucius asked.They grinned. "Yep."Their parents opened it to the disappearing clothes prank. "Ewwww," they exclaimed.Rabastan and Rodolphus laughed. "Oh, that was fun. Served them right," they huffed.Harden laughed. "What the heck, Lucius? Why are you involved in that one?"Lucius blinked. "Oh crap, not that one. No, close the book, please."Their parents went to the second page and gasped. "What the hell, boys? Why are you guys freaking naked?"Lucius moaned in despair. "Please close the book."Harden read and blinked. "Did you really run around Hogwarts streaking just to put clothes disappearing charms on everyone?"Everyone looked shocked.Rabastan took the book back. "No more of that. Never said they were all kid-friendly, now did I?" he blushed."Well, our kids won't be doing that," Rodolphus said.Lucius nodded. "That page is out when they get the book.""Well, son, that prank got everyone involved. I got to admit it was quite funny to get those letters from parents," Abraxas said.Lucius laughed. "That was funny. All asking for marriage proposals.""What now? What am I missing here?" Harden asked.Abraxas summoned the letters. Harden read through some. "Um, no."Rodolphus laughed. "Well, no worries there. He is mine now," he said, holding Lucius close.Lucius smiled.Word count 1,116

Teenagers by My Chemical RomanceChapter 4As the night came to an end, Lucius and Rodolphus bid goodbye to their guests. Rodolphus rubbed his eyes, helping clean up the trash, leaning on the wall half asleep.Emmy noticed. "Mama, Dad is tired.""Rod, go to bed, love. It's okay, we'll finish," Lucius said.Rod blinked. "I'm okay," he said, shifting and starting to help again.They finished up, and Emmy and Adam took their baths for the night, getting ready for bed."Rod, come shower with me," Lucius suggested.Rod nodded, stepping into the shower and undressing.The hot water hit him, relaxing his body while Lucius massaged his back.Rod hummed. "So good, just like before," he chuckled.Lucius chuckled too. "I will always be there to help. Let's get out and into bed."Rodolphus grunted. "Okay." He lay in bed with just a shirt on, feeling comfortable.Lucius joined him, rubbing his hip.Rodolphus fell asleep.Their kids snuck in and climbed into bed, snuggling close to Rodolphus.He hummed and blinked. "What are you two doing?" he whispered."We can't sleep," they whispered back.Rodolphus hummed and went back to sleep, holding his kids close.The next morning, Lucius woke up to the kids in his bed. He frowned. "Emmy, what happened?""Sorry, Mama. I had a bad dream, so me and Adam came to be with Dad," Emmy explained.Lucius smiled. "That's okay, baby."Rodolphus woke with a groan. "Please be quiet. Some are still sleeping here."Lucius chuckled. "Sorry, love."Rodolphus huffed. "Come on, help me up. God, I feel like I grew overnight," he said, touching his stomach. "Ugh."Lucius helped him to his feet.Rodolphus went to the bathroom.Lucius got the kids up and ready for the day.Rodolphus came to the couch.Word count 1,164

I'm Not Okay (I Promise)By My chemical RomanceChapter 5The kids decided they wanted to visit Grandma and Grandpa Lestrange. So, Lucius and Rodolphus decided to Floo over, with Rodolphus, of course, getting help from Lucius as he went through.Adam and Emmy rushed to hug them, chattering about everything.Rabastan asked, "How are you, Rod?"Rod grunted, "Good, but heavy. I didn't feel like this last time."Rabastan smiled. "Last time, there was one, not two."Rodolphus rolled his eyes. "Well, thank you, Captain Obvious."Rabastan grinned. "Are you excited for two more?"Rod smiled. "I am so happy to have more."Rabastan said, "I'm glad. I'm happy with Emmy and Adam, but I knew you wanted more."Rod sniffed. "Yeah, I did want more, but that brings me to a question. Mom, Dad, can we come stay here closer to the birth? I have a feeling it's going to be like last time, and I want to be at home. The kids will stay with Abraxas and Harden."His parents smiled. "You are always welcome home, Rodolphus."Lucius added, "We told my parents. They're happy to have the two for a bit."Rabastan looked at Rod, who was shifting on the couch. "Rod?""I'm just sore from sitting still too long," Rod explained.Rab nodded and helped him shift a bit. Rod put his head on his brother.Rab smiled, thinking, just like last time.Rod fell asleep, snoring. This got everyone's attention, and they looked over at Rod and Rab. Lucius smiled. "Just like last time."Rab nodded. "Yep. I have a feeling this labor will be harder, though. He's older and carrying twins."Lucius sighed. "I know. I'm kind of worried. He wants a no-healer birth this time unless necessary."Rab frowned. "Is that the reason he wanted to come home?"Lucius replied, "No, but it's half of it."Their parents asked, "Are the babies healthy?"Lucius nodded. "They are. The healer gave the clear."They all turned around at the feel of magic in the room. Lucius smiled. "Well, that's good. The babies just developed magic."Rodolphus blinked awake, feeling lighter."Magic, Rod," Lucius said.Rodolphus nodded but groaned in pain. "Ouch.""Just breathe, Rod. It's a prep contraction," Lucius reassured him.Rod huffed.Rabastan watched him. "You okay?"Rod nodded. "I'm fine. I'm going back to sleep." He fell back asleep against Rabastan.Lucius frowned. "The birth will be soon."Word count 408

Teenage DirtBag by wheatusChapter 6Abraxas and Harden came to gather the kids for some quality time together.Adam and Emmy smiled. "Love you, Mom, Dad," they said, kissing them both before leaving.Rodolphus smiled and snuggled on the couch, trying to get comfy, giving pleading eyes to Rabastan for a cuddle.Rabastan rolled his eyes and sat with Rodolphus, letting him cuddle him.Lucius smirked. "No one can say no to those pleading eyes. I know I can't."Rabastan groaned. "No, no, no. I don't want to know."Their parents laughed. "Rabastan, what are you, a child?"Rabastan sighed. "No, but thinking about my brother like that... eww."Lucius laughed. "Wasn't it you who taught him to kiss?""That's different," Rabastan muttered.Lucius chuckled. "Where do you think that went?"Rabastan blinked. "No, no, no." He tossed a pillow at Lucius.Lucius laughed.Rodolphus snorted, and everyone turned to see him peeking his eyes open.Rabastan looked at him. "I feel betrayed."Lucius laughed.Rod said, "Brother dear, the kissing lessons led to a lot more than you want to know. Let's just say me and my best friend experimented together."Rabastan blinked, then looked to Lucius, shocked. "Seriously? He was your first?"Lucius chuckled. "Of course I was. We were one. Things happened, and now we are here."Rabastan blinked. "Oh god, he gave you the pleading eyes before. Eww, gross."Rodolphus chuckled.Lucius said, "Well, I think it's lunchtime. We should get up."Rod huffed. "Help me up, Lucy."Lucius smiled. "Love you, dear." He helped him up.Rabastan stretched.They walked to the dining room to sit and eat.Lucius watched Rod play with his food a bit before eating his craving of the week: tomatoes and hot sauce.Their parents watched him, giving Lucius a knowing look. Lucius shook his head. "Rodolphus, you feeling okay?"Rod replied, "I'm fine, just not that hungry, is all."Lucius looked at him and ate his food, actually enjoying the same as Rodolphus. "It's good," he thought.Rod chuckled. "Luc, isn't that my craving?" He looked at him.Lucius looked at him. "Can't help it, it's good."Rabastan chuckled. "I got to say, spicy tomatoes are good," he said, stealing one.Lucius blinked. "I wouldn't."Rod just looked at him. "Um, that's mine.""So?" Rabastan grinned.Rod rolled his eyes. "Well, eat it."Rabastan did and then spat it out. "Yuck, what was that? Eww."Rod chuckled. "My new craving, dear brother: cream cheese tomato bites with lots of garlic.""Yuck, I don't like cream cheese," Rabastan complained.Rod laughed. "I tried to warn you."Lucius chuckled. "It's not that bad. It's actually good." He took one to eat.Rodolphus said, "I haven't repulsed him with cravings, which is good. He actually eats half of them."Rabastan blinked. "Seriously?" He looked to Lucius.Lucius nodded. "I had the same ones when I was pregnant and still eat them."Word count 512

Criminal by Britney SpearsChapter 7Later that night, Rod couldn't get comfy, so he got up and went to the couch. When he felt the pain wrap around his stomach, he took a breath. "Shit," he muttered.Rabastan came out to get a drink and saw him. "Rodolphus, you okay?""I'm fine. Can't get comfy in bed, but I can't get comfy here either," Rod huffed, getting up and going back to bed.Rabastan watched him.Rodolphus had four more pains before the sun came up. When it was time to face the day, feeling really irritated, he got up to shower, pushing Lucius off the bed.Lucius blinked. "What?""I need help up," Rod said.Lucius got up, helping him stand and holding him until he got his balance.Rodolphus went to the bathroom before another pain struck, gripping the sink as he groaned.Lucius knocked on the door. "Rodolphus, what's wrong?" He opened the door to find him standing there.Rodolphus huffed. "Nothing, I'm going to shower."Lucius waited on him, worried.Rod came out. "Breakfast, Luc.""Yeah, you feel like eating though?" Lucius asked.Rod shrugged. "Something cold. Heartburn right now."Lucius nodded.Rabastan watched them come in and sit, looking at Lucius.Lucius shook his head.Rodolphus rubbed his lower stomach. "Gesh, Rab, stop staring already."Lucius blinked, thinking Rod was agitated because of the pain, just like last time. "Does he have his wand?"Rabastan blinked. "Okay, what's going on?"Their parents gave a knowing look. "Just leave him alone, Rabastan.""I'm done," Rod said, standing up.Lucius followed him to hold onto him.Rodolphus frowned. "Lucius, what are you doing?"Lucius blinked. "I'm holding you. Why?""No, the magic. Why is your magic loose?" Rod asked.Lucius blinked. "Um, is it?"Rabastan said, "I don't feel it."Their parents added, "We don't either."Rod huffed. "Okay, then I'm going crazy. Good lord," he muttered, walking out of the dining room.Lucius looked at them. "I don't understand."Their mom said, "It's the twins. They're drawing the father's magic for the mother. Magical twins do that. They did it to me."Lucius nodded and rushed to Rodolphus. "You okay, love?"Rod nodded before groaning and feeling faint, sliding down the wall he was leaning on in pain. "Oh God, this hurts."Their parents rushed out. "Rodolphus," they called.Lucius was getting him back up when another pain hit him twice as hard as the first.Rabastan said, "Rodolphus, you're in labor, aren't you?"Rod said, "It hurts so much more than before."Lucius held him. "Let's go to our room."Rod nodded, huffing, walking to the bed, and sitting down with a sigh. "This hurts, Luc."Lucius nodded. "I know, Rod. You sure you don't want a healer here?"Rod said, "No, just you and my family."Lucius nodded.Word count 496

Anyway You Want It by Glee CastChapter 8Later that day, Rodolphus progressed more. He was walking around the living room when he felt his water break and hit the floor.Lucius waved it away and helped Rod clean up.Rodolphus grunted, "Shit, this hurts. Fuck!"Lucius asked, "What are you feeling, Rod?"Rodolphus frowned, then blinked. "Pressure," he grunted. "Oh God, I have to push, like now. Ouch."Lucius held his hand. "Push, Rodolphus. Go with your body."Rodolphus pushed and cried, "Crap, this hurts. Make the pain stop, Lucius, please!" He pushed again.Their mother said, "I see the head, son. Push."Rodolphus pushed. "God damn!"The baby slipped out into its grandmother's hands. Rodolphus dropped back to take a breath.A little bit later, the contractions started again, pulling him from sleep with a groan.Lucius and his parents looked up. "Rodolphus, do you need to push again?"Rod nodded, getting back in position. He pushed with a shout. "Argh, this hurts! No more!" He was so tired.Lucius said, "Come on, love, a bit more. I know you're tired."Rodolphus pushed. "I can't," he said, falling back and blinking away the spots."Rodolphus, are you okay " Lucius asked.Rodolphus passed out from the pain.His mother shouted, "Wake him up!"Lucius tapped his cheek. "Come on, Rodolphus, wake up."Rodolphus blinked and pushed again, feeling the second baby push out with a cry from him and the cries of his twins, which Lucius kissed him. "Good job, Rodolphus. So proud."They cleaned him up and let him rest.Word count 261

Taking Chances by Glee CastChapter 9Rodolphus woke up to his children talking to their siblings.Lucius asked, "Hey love, how do you feel?"Rodolphus, sore but okay, replied, "Emmy, Adam, meet Izzy and Ben."They smiled. "Hi Izzy, Ben," they said, kissing the twins' foreheads. Lucius' parents, Harden and Abraxas, came in."How are you feeling, Rodolphus?" they asked. "They're adorable."Lucius beamed. "I'm so proud, Rod. You did awesome."Rabastan added, "You really did so good.""Thanks, guys," Rod smiled. "I'm going to sleep some more."They all bid their goodbyes to let him sleep.Lucius thought, "My family is perfect."The end.Word count 115

Thank you, everyone, who read the book! I'm very proud of these works myself and am looking forward to your comments and feedback.