It was Peter's nature to drool after girls that didn't even register him. In a scale of 1 to 10. Peter focused on the top ones. Remus had told him in multiple occasions that the scale was bullshit. And that Peter was more than a stupid number. Because if Remus thought about that scale, Sirius was an eleven. And Remus barely got to five. Therefore, nothing could ever happen between them.

"Only blokes like Sirius or James can get tens, Moony. That's why I go for numbers lower than mine"

"And what number are you?"

"Clearly a seven" Peter shrugged "Susan was a solid six. Decent, pretty. But not a ten"

Remus could see Peter said that because he was actually hurt. Even if Peter's first girlfriend had been a bitch, Peter had loved her.

Now that Peter was single, he focused on every single girl at Hogwarts. Make them pretty, with decent curves, bam, he was in love. Peter had talked and talked about the beauty of being single and having eyes for all "the babes".

Mary Macdonald clearly was one of the babes this term. Marlene was out of the market for liking girls and Lily practically belonged to James, but Mary was single. Single and very very pretty.

The first weekend of term, James and Peter volunteered to help girls unpack, lift their books or trunks, with the mere purpose of gaining their chances as they put it.

That morning, Sirius and Remus watched as their friends played gentlemen to flirt.

"Look at them, Moony. Practically slaves to get a snog" Sirius tutted.

James was helping Lily, who was more friendly with him lately and Peter helped Mary lift her books to store them in her new locker.

"Thank you, darling" Mary smiled when Peter was done "You're really sweet" and she squeezed his cheek.

"You're welcome"

The gesture made Peter go bright red as Mary walked away. Which was a good opportunity for his friends to make fun of him.

"Pete is such a sweet boy!" Sirius mumbled in a voice people only used on babies and puppies.

"Are you blushing?" Remus asked with a mockery tone "Look Sirius, he is going red!"

"What?" Peter shrugged "Mary is very pretty"

"Aaaw she's pretty!" Remus teased with a smile.

"Peteboo is in love" Sirius added patting his cheeks.

Despite the fact his blush didn't go, Peter was smiling "Do you think she would give me a chance?"

"You want to go after Macdonald?" Sirius snorted.

"Maybe..." Peter answered as he stared at Mary's dress "She's fine, isn't she?"

"Come on, Wormtail" Sirius smiled "Mary is an easy target"

"Yeah" Peter nodded.

"But she is not that desperate, mate" Sirius laughed.

"Sirius..." Remus warned.

Sometimes Sirius needed to be more subtle, more considerate with Peter. What Remus had learned was that James and Sirius liked to tease Peter around. And sometimes it was in an innocent way, all jokes. A rare show of affection. But sometimes Sirius didn't measure the line.

"You think I don't have a chance with her?" Peter snapped angrily.

Sirius was smiling "Not to offend, Wormy. But you're a bit thick when it comes to girls"

"Oh! Because you are a fucking expert, aren't you?"

Everything with Sirius was explosive. He did and said without thinking. Everything about him was competition, fun, and danger.

"As a matter of fact, yes. I am an expert in women" Sirius snapped back "I can have anyone I want. Even Macdonald"

"Guys..." Remus tried to intervene. He sensed a fight. But they weren't paying attention at him anymore.

Peter laughed "As if Mary would give you a chance"

"Maybe she hasn't because I haven't gone after her" Sirius answered "And I actually don't know why. She is bloody hot"

Remus rolled his eyes. He didn't know why he thought Sirius would be different this term. On the past year, Remus had realized Sirius was not the cute boy who never wanted to get married anymore. He was a handsome teenager. And for Remus's misfortune, Sirius had his history with girls. Even if Remus fancied him, he was not going to stop being the flirtatious asshole everyone knew.

"I thought you said it was because she's James's ex and it is against rules going after the same girl..." Remus reminded them "Marauders Code"

"Prongs is not going to care. He's obsessed with Evans now" Sirius said.

"Going against the code, eh Padfoot?" Peter tutted.

"Scared I might steal Macdonald from you, Wormtail?"

"You don't even like her, Pads" Remus intercepted trying not to sound jealous.

"Everyone thinks Mary is hot" Sirius shrugged "We've all fantasized about her for sure"

Everyone? Remus hadn't. He'd fantasized with Sirius though, a lot.

"I'm not scared!" Peter spat, ignoring them "Not all girls are into you, pretty boy"

"Pretty boy?" Sirius asked.

"I can conquer Macdonald before you. Do you want to bet?"

Last term, it had hurt Remus that Sirius had kissed Marlene. Because Marlene was not any other girl. She was an amazing girl and their friend. And even if Marlene turned out to be a lesbian, the same thing applied for Mary. Mary was a friend. And a really nice girl.

"Shouldn't we ask Prongs first?" Remus asked looking between the two.

"Bet is on, Pettigrew!" Sirius extended his hand with a stupid smirk.

Remus wanted to stop them. He really did.

"Right on, Black" Peter shook his hand.

But boys were boys. They did stupid things sometimes like making stupid bets.

For the next days, Sirius and Peter competed to gain Mary's attention. They got her gifts, complimented her looks, suggested plans.

Remus tried to think Sirius wasn't actually interested in Mary. He did it all because he was an idiot. Though Remus tried to find excuses to finish this nonsense.

Mary didn't seem to mind. She found the whole thing amusing. She was the kind of girl who loved the attention.

"I'm flattered honestly" she told Remus and the girls onetime "I know this is all a joke" she giggled "But it still fun. I want to see what they do next"

"It's horrid, Mary" Lily tutted "Boys are truly idiots"

"You don't mind when it is James flirting with you and giving you gifts"

Lily blushed at that comment "We're not talking about me"

Remus made a mental note to tell James later.

And talking about James, he laughed when the boys told him about the bet. Remus had the hope he would stop it. But he didn't.

"You are fools if you think Mary is going to give any of you a chance" he had said "But carry on. I want to see how this goes"

"What about the code, James?" Remus asked him "Mary is your ex"

The boy shrugged "I love Mary but she's in the past. I'm all Evans now. We're getting closer now that we're Head Boy and Head Girl"

So that gave green light for Sirius and Peter to carry on. Mary accepted the flirting and gifts but when they asked for a chance or a date, she refused.

"That's sounds wonderful, Pete. And you're adorable. But I am busy this weekend"

"No, Sirius. I won't be one of your other conquers, darling. Shame you're cute"

Remus decided to relax and enjoy the show. For one, it was really funny and satisfying to see Sirius being rejected. But on the other side, Remus's mind told him that this was a sign that Sirius would always be after some girl. Even if it wasn't Mary, other girls would come, girls who would be dying to give him a chance. And Remus had to sit and watch all of that happen. That was the sad thing of being in love with his best friend.

"Why don't you stop with this nonsense, Sirius?" Remus asked, practically groaning when Mary rejected an invitation to Hogsmeade. "You don't even fancy the girl. Why bother?"

Sirius smiled as he grabbed the cigarette from Remus's hand without permission and took a drag before answering.

"Sirius Black never backs up from a challenge" he grinned before letting the smoke out.

"Peter actually fancies her, Pads" Remus added, feeling his throat go dry "Give him a chance"

"Peter is a horny wanker. He likes everyone" Sirius laughed "I saw him staring at Mildred Greenfield the other day when she bended to pick up her pencil and her blouse's buttons popped open"

"And you surely noticed that as well" Remus rolled his eyes.

Sirius simply shrugged with a smile and kept smoking.

"And that's my fag!" Remus snapped taking the cigarette for himself.

"Don't be pouty, Moony" Sirius said, squeezing Remus's chin "I only do it for my honor. Plus, maybe with the pressure, Pettigrew might actually get somewhere with Macdonald"

Remus rolled his eyes "Whatever"

"Do not let Sirius quit the bet or let me win out of pity, Remus!" Peter told him later "I want to prove he's not that impressive among birds. I can get girls as well. Right?"

"Sure, Wormy. But I don't want you guys to fight over this"

"You think I cannot get a ten?" Peter asked while looking at Remus with disdain "I know Mary is a ten and tens are difficult. But I am sick of going after fives or sixes. I want the bloody ten!"

There was no use. Remus thought this stupid game would last forever. Maybe risking the Marauders integrity. Though Sirius and Peter were the usual same. Bickering like brothers when it came to Mary. But loving each other as always. James was too busy with the Rugby Team now that he was captain and his Head Boy duties. So, it was up to Remus to endure this alone.

Two weeks lasted this nonsense until everything changed when Remus was approached by someone at breakfast.

"Hey Lupin"

Remus had met Emmeline Vance in a party over the summer. She was pretty even if she wasn't commonly feminine as the rest of the girls in this school. She had piercings and tattoos which Remus considered cool. And she had surprised Remus with a kiss that night. But Remus had been slightly drunk to actually enjoy it.

Remus saw her again in the train at the beginning of term when they had a more sober chat in which Emmeline made him laugh "You have a very pretty laugh, Lupin"

Remus didn't know how to flirt. He wasn't Sirius. So, he blushed instead.

"My name is Remus, you know?"

"Lupin is my nickname for you, mate" Emmeline smiled amused "I guess I'll see you around school"

Since classes started, Remus hadn't seen her until now.

The usual friend group had been teasing James and Lily who insisted of being only friends when it was obvious they both fancied each other. But were interrupted when Emmeline approached. They all looked between Remus and Emmeline with amusement. Except for Sirius who rolled his eyes.

"Hey Emmeline" Remus could feel his cheeks on fire. He hated the attention.

"This might sound kind of upfront and bold, but I am sick and tired of waiting for you to ask me out"

Remus heard the gasps and giggles from his friends. And he went redder if possible.

Emmeline Vance was not the kind of girl to get embarrassed. She smiled with satisfaction and Remus found her extremely hot.

"I know you are shy which is cute but think about it, okay?"

Remus simply nodded because he was frozen to do anything else. Emmeline smiled in response.

"Bye guys" she announced to the group before walking away. So beautiful and confident as she was.

Immediately after, Remus's friends began teasing.

"Blimey, Moony. You cheeky dog!"

"Aaw she is totally into you"

"What did you do to her to leave her like that?"

"Remus is blushing!!"

"Oh, shut up!" Remus covered his eyes.

They teased and smiled. Sirius had been absolutely quiet. Remus wondered why.

"You two had been asking Mary out for days and now Remus shows you how it is done" Marlene proclaimed "You're too slow"

James began laughing loudly until Sirius said: "If we're talking about turtles, James Potter wins the prize. Am I right, Evans?"

"Oh!" Peter exclaimed hitting Sirius's palm.

James rolled his eyes. Lily hid her smile.

"All I know is that if Remus asked me out, I would say yes" Mary said as she winked.

As the teasing began again, Remus hid his face under his sweater.

The next day, Remus watched as Peter ran after Mary the minute she got out of the girls' dorm. James joined Lily's side as she took his arm. Sirius stayed behind.

"Not going after Mary, Pads?" Remus asked with a smile "Peter might get ahead of you, you know?"

Sirius shrugged uninterested.

"What about you? Are you asking Vance out?" Sirius asked giving Emmeline a nasty look. When Remus turned and she waved, he waved back.

"I don't know" Remus answered.

He had never been asked out on a date. His immediate response would be no. Because even if Remus found Emmeline hot and interesting, his heart always came back to Sirius.

But since Sirius clearly was too busy with the bet and interested in other girls in the meantime, Remus thought why not? He couldn't wait for Sirius forever. For something that might actually not happen at all.

"Moony, let's forget about birds" Sirius snapped, making Remus look away from Emmeline towards him "Potter can have Evans and Pettigrew can have Macdonald if he likes. You and me... We don't need girls. We are fine on our own. Yeah?"

Remus blinked in surprise.

"What... What about the bet?"

Sirius shrugged "I don't care about the bet"

When just yesterday Sirius was saying he would not let Peter win. What changed?

"Is this about Emmeline?" Remus asked.

"You don't fancy her" Sirius answered with pouty eyes "Right?"

"You don't fancy Mary however you were willing to be at her feet only to win Peter"

Remus's temper was rising. Sirius had the free will to go after girls even if it was a game, but Remus had not? Was that how things worked?

"You were right. I don't fancy Mary" Sirius said "And you don't fancy Vance...." then he leaned in "We need to be single. We are young. Let's just have fun"

Remus wanted to punch him.

"What's wrong with you?" Remus snapped "So let me see. Prongs can go after Lily. Wormtail can go after Mary. And you, you can have anyone you want. Now that I get the attention of someone. Finally! What? I cannot do anything about it?"

Sirius was silent. He looked guilty and his eyes showed he was going through a million thoughts.

"It's not that, Remus" Sirius said softly, looking to the floor "I just... I don't want to lose you"

"What are you talking about?" Remus raised his voice "That I should never date anyone, so you don't suffer?"

Sirius didn't answer.

"What if I actually want to date Emmeline? What if I do? Are you going to stop me?"

Sirius opened his mouth to say something but instantly regretted.

"I might ask her out!"

"Fine!" Sirius snapped back "Do whatever you want, Remus"

"Maybe I will!!" Remus yelled "You fucking wanker!"

"Don't be angry with me"

"I just..." Remus was so furious he couldn't speak "I just don't understand you! Going after girls is a fucking joke to you. You don't even fancy them you just want to prove you can have them. You do that even if it... Even if I..."

Sirius kept looking at him curiously.

Even if it hurt Remus. But Sirius couldn't know about Remus's feelings. It was fine. Maybe Remus had to accept the fact that Sirius would never feel the same. That he was too straight, too flirty and too popular for Remus. But what pissed Remus off was that Sirius didn't leave him be.

"Whatever, go and date Vance" Sirius shrugged "I don't care"

Maybe it would be good to date Emmeline. Finally, focus on someone who wasn't fucking Sirius Black. Even forget about him once and for all. But if Sirius acted like this, Remus got his hopes up, thinking perhaps Sirius was jealous.

But it wasn't true. Sirius just loved to be the center of attention. He couldn't let Peter have Mary. He couldn't let James be happy with Lily. He couldn't let Remus free. He was just selfish.

"Ok. I will"

Remus sometimes hated to love this stupid wanker. He knew Sirius was better than this. He knew a better version of him. Yet, Sirius kept showing the worst of him. He was hurting because of his bloody family. And instead of showing his pain he pretended to be a complete arsehole.

Remus walked away before those puppy eyes would make him feel guilty. This love was going to drive him insane. Even when Remus hated Sirius's guts, even in his worse, Remus was absolutely in love with him. And he hated that.

"Oi, Emmeline!"

Remus deserved someone nice. Someone better. Someone who didn't make him feel this way. Maybe Emmeline could be the one.

"Lupin!" Emmeline smirked as Remus caught her up "Finally made your mind?"

Remus knew Sirius was watching. So that gave him the confidence to lean in and kiss Emmeline's mouth. He wanted to prove he could flirt and have girls as well.

"Wanna do something after school?" he asked trying to sound confident.

Emmeline's smile was gorgeous.

"Sure!" she exclaimed as she grabbed his arm, and they started walking "What do you have in mind?"

****

Sirius couldn't shake that image from his brain. Every time he closed his eyes, he saw Remus and Emmeline, laughing, kissing, hugging. Happy as a couple and he couldn't bare it. Sirius didn't know why. It was driving him crazy.

It was almost curfew on that Saturday night. And Sirius had decided to ditch his friends. He wasn't in the mood for games and drinks. He got to his dorm with the excuse of being tired. He desperately needed a cigarette. One glance to Remus's bed and he knew where to find some.

Remus was taking too long to return from his date with Vance. Which meant that everything was going well, and he was having a great time. They had hung out twice already, Sirius always found them laughing together at something. And that annoyed Sirius to the core. There was something about Emmeline that he didn't like. She was too upfront, wild and outgoing for Remus.

When Sirius found a new pack of fags in Remus's drawer, he stopped for a minute when he saw one of Remus's sweaters laying on his bed.

Sirius didn't know what possessed him in that moment. But he had the urge to grab it and sniff it. It smelled exactly like Remus. That sweet men cologne and chocolate. It made Sirius miss Remus somehow.

The sweater was so soft and warm. And the night air was cold as Sirius opened the window to smoke, so he put it on.

It was fine. Sometimes the Marauders shared clothes. Remus wouldn't mind if Sirius borrowed it. Sirius felt good in it somehow. And the idea of Emmeline using Remus's clothes made him so angry that he didn't take it off.

Sirius started chain smoking lost in thought. His mind kept repeating everything that had happened over the summer with his family. How Orion had gone wild with the mere possibility of his son and heir being different. How Walburga had said nobody was going to love him for real. The scared look of Regulus as he left the house.

Sirius had tried to distract himself since term started. Fooling around with The Marauders as always. Making that stupid bet with Peter. And spending as much time with Remus as possible. Because Remus made him feel good. Remus gave him peace. Remus gave him joy.

And even if James was and would always be his best friend, Sirius had been getting closer and closer with Remus lately. Maybe that was why he missed him tonight. Even cigarettes tasted better with him.

An hour later, Sirius jumped when he heard the door bursting open. Remus himself was crossing the door with a foolish smile on his face. Sirius realized his date with Emmeline had caused that.

When Remus noticed Sirius, his smile became smaller.

"Hey" Sirius said, trying to seem unbothered.

"Hey" Remus answered as he closed the door "Where are the others?"

"Girls' dorm, playing Monopoly or something"

"Why aren't you there?"

Sirius shrugged as Remus walked to his bed.

"Got bored" Sirius turned to look when Remus was taking his jacket off. "How was your date?"

Remus twisted his mouth before answering "It was fine. I had a lot of fun"

Sirius felt a knot on his throat.


What's wrong with you? What's wrong with you? 


Sirius had acted like a dick when Emmeline asked Remus out. All possessive and jealous. Sirius didn't know why it bothered him so much. But Remus had been right to get angry. It was none of his business. If Remus fancied that bird, it was not Sirius's problem.

"Cool" Sirius replied as he looked away into the window.

"Are those my fags?" Remus asked with a smile as he walked towards him.

"Sorry I'll pay you back, Moony"

Remus took a seat on the chair next to Sirius's bed. The window was just next to them. Remus's curls flew in the wind.

"Just give me one, you thief" Remus let out a little laugh. Sirius smiled as he gave him the pack "I see you took my sweater as well"

Sirius's cheeks burned. He felt a bit dumb and embarrassed.

"Is this yours?" Sirius asked innocently "I was feeling a bit cold and found it lying around" he shrugged, faking indifference "Want it back?"

Remus shook his head with a smile "It's fine, Pads"

Even if Remus was acting normally, Sirius knew he was still angry for the other day.

"I'm sorry, Moony"

"Don't worry about it" Remus said "We all share clothes at this point. I think I'm wearing Peter's socks, actually. And I took some of James's cologne. The expensive one..."

"No" Sirius snorted "I am talking about the other day. For acting like a dick. With all the Emmeline stuff..."

"Oh!" Remus nodded as he took a drag "It's okay"

"You were right" Sirius said "I was a bit selfish"

Remus waited for Sirius to continue.

"You guys are my family, Moony" he continued "Not the Blacks. You, The Marauders..." Sirius looked up to make sure Remus was listening. When Remus nodded, Sirius carried on "I have to admit that you being girl-crazy makes me really scared"

"Scared of what?"

"Of being left alone!" Sirius snapped then sighed "You don't get it, Moony" he could feel his eyes with tears "James is amazing, handsome and heroic. A dream for every girl. Good thing Evans is finally realizing that.... Peter is pretty funny and very convincing. He will flirt with lots of girls and actually find someone eventually..." he chuckled sadly "And you... You, Moony. You are so special..." Sirius dared to look at him. And Remus seemed overwhelmed, pendant of every word "You have no idea how special. I mean I wouldn't be surprised if there is a long line of girls pinning for you after Vance" Sirius looked away as he felt himself blush "You're not only sweet and incredibly funny. But you're terrifyingly hot"

It was Remus's turn to blush. He did it in an adorable way even.

"I don't think so" he laughed softly.

Sirius let out a snort "You are terribly blind, Moony. And thick" he tutted.

Remus smiled shyly.

"My point is that you three can make anyone fall for you. But not me"

"Says the bloke who has all the female population after him" Remus teased

Sirius shook his head "They might want me for my looks, my money and name. Not because they actually like me. They couldn't never love the real me" he added remembering his mother's words.

"Don't say that"

"It's true" Sirius faked a tiny smile "That's why I got scared. Because I feel I am actually losing Prongs to Evans. And I will eventually lose Wormtail. But with you..." Sirius's eyes filled with tears again "I couldn't stand to lose you, Moony. Not you. That's why I got crazy when Emmeline asked you out"

Remus moved to sit next to Sirius on his bed. So close that Sirius's heart started beating faster. Remus smelled nice. Better than the sweater, the source.

"I could never leave you, Pads" he said "James and Peter could never leave you. We are The Marauders, for God's sake" he giggled "It had always been us before girls. Isn't that what it says on The Marauders Code?"

Remus's eyes locked on the door where the boys had glued a paper with their rules. On the bottom of the list, the four of them had signed it. Sirius, James and Peter had done it at twelve. And Remus had joined a year ago when he arrived at Hogwarts.

Sirius smiled "We're not twelve anymore. Clearly girls are a problem now"

"It's part of growing up" Remus replied "And it's part of life, falling in love and settling with someone. For those who seek it"

Sirius was silent thinking he didn't want to grow up.

"James and Peter might have girlfriends or even wives someday" Remus smiled when Sirius shivered "But that doesn't mean they are going to stop loving you or stop being your friend"

Sirius turned to look at him "And you?"

Remus pursed his lips and shook his head.

"Because I really suffered when you left. Back when we were kids. I really missed you"

Only in a year, Sirius had gotten very close to Remus. Back when he was Rosie. They became inseparable too quick, that when The Lupins left out of the sudden, Sirius's heart broke for the first time.

Remus's glistened as he placed his hand on Sirius's arm.

"I promise no one is going to separate us again"

"Not even Emmeline?" It came out of Sirius's mouth like a child's whine. It made Remus smile

"God, sorry" Sirius sniffed, looking away "If you actually fancy her, Moony. I swear I am not going to make a scene".

Remus was silent for a few seconds. And Sirius considered that he was right. Remus had feelings for Emmeline but didn't know how to say it. It would destroy Sirius. James with Evans. Peter with his unreachable girls. Remus with Vance. Sirius alone.


Remus with Vance?? No. No. No. Please no.


"Sirius" Remus finally spoke very low and carefully "I'm gay"

Sirius was genuinely speechless. His mind went wild with a million contradictory thoughts. For one side, the horrible things his parents had said about Alphard, because they thought he was gay. And for the other, it made Sirius feel an indescribable desire to hug Remus. To protect him. To love him more.

Remus would not be with Vance. And any girl for that matter. Which was good. But he could be with boys. If Remus was gay, there was this possibility of Sirius being interesting for him. And it increased the chances of Remus deliberately choosing someone else. Not because he was straight, and Sirius was not a girl. But because he was gay, and Sirius would never be what he deserved.

The thought of that chance. Of the possibility that they could kiss. That Remus might be able to like him, it scared the hell out of Sirius.

So, the boy was very silent and still for a moment. He probably stopped breathing even.

But when he saw Remus's scared expression, he forced himself to react.

"Why didn't you tell me?" Sirius asked because he didn't know what else to say.

"Because I didn't know" Remus explained "I had been too busy thinking and being obsessed with my identity as a boy that I never thought about my sexuality"

Sirius kept quiet.

"I thought I liked both. Boys and girls" Remus continued "That's why I thought I fancied Emmeline... And I do" he nodded "I like her a lot. She is so pretty and funny, simply amazing. But I don't like her like that, you know?"

Sirius nodded understandingly. Remus was expecting an answer. Something.

So, Sirius forced himself to be supportive. A better friend. Someone Remus deserved right now. Even if all the confusing feelings and thoughts were haunting him.

He smiled to show him everything was okay.

"Nothing changes, Remus" Sirius said "You're always going to be my Moony. Always"

And he meant that. Because nobody was going to break them apart. Nothing. Not even the sudden fear of Remus rejecting him or choosing some other boy.

What? It was stupid to think this way. Sirius wasn't even gay, right?

Remus was smiling in relief.

"Thank you for telling me" Sirius added, patting his arm.

"You are my best friend after all, Pads" Remus confessed. Though he looked a bit sad. Maybe the fear of Sirius treating him differently was bothering him.

Sirius would never. He had acted like an idiot before. But he would never hurt Remus. He would always try to avoid him any suffering.

Sirius shivered a little as he dared to grab Remus's hand. He saw it as an assuring gesture. But when their palms touched, and their fingers interlocked easily, Sirius felt something crazy. Some kind of fire burning in his chest. A feeling of dizziness and excitement. Like when you are about to ride a roller-coaster and you are nervous but thrilled. Accompanied with the loud heart beats.

"Are you..." Sirius found his voice was shaking so he cleared his throat "Are you telling the others?"

"Eventually, yeah"

Sirius was scared of this new feeling. But at the same time, he didn't want to let go. It felt amazing to have this connection with someone.

And they stayed like that for a while until they got comfortable not only with the hand holding but the silence. And they began playing with their fingers. Remus twisted Sirius's rings. Sirius's thumb caressed Remus's skin.

"I'm going to step out from the bet" Sirius whispered mainly to distract himself from his desires and to seem like everything was normal between them "Mary is pretty but I don't like her at all. Not my type"

And she would never make him feel like this. No one could.

Remus let out a little laugh.

"Peter is going to be happy to have Mary to himself"

"He didn't win though. I resigned, which is different!"

Remus smiled.

"Sure, Padfoot"

Then he closed his eyes as he got comfortable.

Sirius observed his curls, his freckles, his new scar, his long eyelashes, his rosy but dry lips. Remus was very attractive. Sirius got the strange desire to kiss him.

Faggot! His father's voice screamed in his mind Fucking pounce!

Immediately shook that thought away.

"Moony?"

"Mmm?"

"Promise me you will tell me if you fancy a bloke, okay?"

Remus was silent for a while. He seemed tense as he thought of what to say. Then he simply squeezed Sirius's hand.

"Promise"

 

*****

"Come with me, Moony" Remus heard Sirius whispering in his ear, sending a pleasant shiver down his spine.

With all the noises that The Karaoke Night brought, Sirius's voice sounded intimate and delicate. Even if they were surrounded by loud teenagers.

Remus's eyes were fixed on James and Lily singing to each other on stage.

"Where?" Remus asked loud enough for Sirius to hear him. He didn't dare to look at him in the eye.

"I want to show you something"

Sirius's breath was warm, and he smelled really great. God, he was so close.

"What is it?"

"It's a surprise" Sirius said in his ear again "Don't you trust me?"

Remus raised his eyebrows teasingly.

"I shouldn't, Sirius" he answered "But unfortunately I do"

Remus smiled knowing Sirius's reaction would be the same. But before he knew it, Sirius was already on his feet, offering his hand to Remus.

The boy dared to look up finding that Sirius was smirking handsomely. Gryffindor Jersey with black tight trousers. His iconic leather jacket on top. It gave Remus chills that someone so gorgeous was paying attention to him and only him.

Ever since their conversation in the dorm, when Remus confessed to him, he was gay, Sirius had been stuck like glue by Remus's side. It wasn't in the supportive brotherly way James had been (because he had told the rest of his friends as well). It was different. Sirius sometimes stared without discretion. He touched Remus a lot. Subtle things like play with his wristbands or take his arm to draw on it, or fix his curls, or squeeze his chin. It had been driving Remus insane.

He even asked Grant about it over the phone.

"Sounds pre'ty queer to meh, sweetheart" he had laughed "Trust meh, no straight bloke gets comfy with touching another bloke. Especially if he's gay"

However, Sirius and James were comfortable touching each other affectionately. But in Sirius's case it was different. He had a certain intention in the way he did it with Remus. Although Remus didn't want to get his hopes up.

"Come on, Moony!" Sirius exclaimed, getting him back to the present.

Remus looked around. Most of the teens were busy with the show. But as Remus took Sirius's hand to rise, he noticed the nostalgic gaze of Alecto Carrow. She had been trying to gain Sirius's attention since term started. And even if she was annoying, Remus kind of understood what was like to want Sirius Black when he didn't want anyone back.

"You might want to grab a jacket" Sirius smiled at Remus and only him "We are going outside"

Remus raised an eyebrow "What about the teachers?" he asked gesturing to the table in which some of the teachers were watching kids sing. Chaperones that avoided chaos. And even if some students were having fun with the innocent karaoke, others were utterly bored and annoyed without alcohol.

"Don't worry" Sirius shrugged "They are very well distracted"

So, Remus followed Sirius without any excuse left. Not that he didn't want to go. They got up to the dorms first.

"Go grab your jacket" Sirius said as they climbed the stairs "I'll meet you downstairs in ten"

"Where are you going?"

"So many questions, Moony" Sirius grinned "We will need refreshments, wouldn't we?"

"Refreshments as in alcohol?"

Sirius winked as a response "I want to show you a place. You're going to love it"

How was Remus supposed to react with all of this? What was Remus supposed to do when the boy one had fancied since forever said he had a surprise for him? Should Remus get his hopes up and blindingly follow Sirius anywhere or stop with this nonsense?

Wasn't Sirius supposed to be straight?

'Did he ever do something like this for one of his girls, though?' a voice said inside his head.

A voice that sounded a lot like Grant.

Once Remus grabbed a jacket, some cigarettes and a spliff just in case, he found Sirius just outside the Common Room.

Sirius smirked widely as he showed him a package that looked like a bottle. A bottle of booze presumably.

"Where did you get that?"

"Tobey" Sirius replied, then looked at Remus with a cheesy smile "Don't look at me like that. I know you buy packs from him as well"

"Sometimes" Remus shrugged "He's a charger that one"

Sirius led the way after that as they walked into the lonely halls of the Castle.

Sirius was holding his hand all the way through. Maybe like a parent with his child scared that he might get lost. Or maybe like a person did with their lover. Remus could pretend it was the second one.

"Where are we going?" Remus asked, because the silence might have exposed his loud heart beats.

But Sirius shut him up "Don't you trust me?"

"I am starting to regret it" Remus tried to joke.

Sirius silenced him with his finger. "Filch might be around" he whispered.

So, they were quiet the rest of the way. Sirius led Remus out of the castle into the woods.

Remus's rational part was telling him about the dangers of getting inside the forest at night. It was against the rules. They could get caught. But Remus's emotional part didn't care about that. He was just happy to be with Sirius. To be holding his hand and following blindly.

Sirius kept looking back at Remus giving him beautiful smiles. At some point he had opened the bottle, taking gulps himself and passing it to Remus.

"Taking me into the woods and getting me drunk..." Remus commented happily "I'm actually considering you are a serial killer"

Sirius laughed "We're almost there, Moons. God, you're impatient"

"You know me, I simply cannot wait patiently for my death"

When Sirius turned to look with his eyebrow raised, Remus put his hands up defensively.

"I was joking"

"Before you die, you have to see my surprise first"

Sirius stopped on his tracks and scanned around.

"What? Did you see something? They say there are wolves around this forest"

Sirius silenced him again then he smiled when he spotted something "It's this way, Moony. Come on"

And just like that, Sirius ran. He was laughing happily as he went. Remus just observed at first.

"FOLLOW ME MOONY! COME ON!" Sirius yelled from somewhere.

"Fucking hell" Remus sighed before taking a large gulp of the booze and running after Sirius.

Remus started feeling adrenaline through his veins as they ran through trees and trees. Sirius was just in front of him, full of euphoria, screaming at the top of his lungs. His happiness was contagious. So, Remus screamed and laughed as well

"Here we are" Sirius announced when they arrived "Isn't it beautiful?"

Remus's mouth dropped open when he looked of that place. They had arrived at the lake apparently. But this was a new part of the forest, The Marauders hadn't seen. It was a wonderful of part of the lake. It looked like an enchanted forest with beautiful trees that seemed alive. With the moon reflected on the water. And some fireflies flying around.

"Woow" Remus gasped "This is beautiful"

Sirius was grinning, proud of showing him this place.

"I know, right?" he asked walking closer to the water "Found it the other day. I kind of got lost started panicking but this place gave me peace. Then I found my way back easily"

"The other day?" Remus frowned "You mean the day you skipped class and disappeared for a while?"

Sirius nodded shyly.

It had been a bit of a worrying nightmare to watch over Sirius lately. Ever since he escaped his house over the summer, his friends had been worried about him. He did wild things like skip class, get into fights, drink and get lost for hours. Things like the one he was doing now.

Maybe Remus shouldn't have encouraged him.

"Pads..."

"When I saw it first, I thought: Moony would love this" Sirius interrupted, then turned with a smile "I didn't know why I wanted to show you first"

Remus smiled back.

"Do you like it?"

"It is amazing, but..."

Remus stopped because of the intense way Sirius was looking at him. He was getting closer slowly and painfully. And Remus was frozen as Sirius reached the bottle from his hands to take a sip.

"Do you dare?" Sirius asked as he gave Remus the bottle back and started unzipping his jacket.

"Ha?" Remus wished he wasn't blushing this easily.

"Get in the water" Sirius giggled amused.

When Sirius took off his shirt and trousers, Remus was doomed. He couldn't stop staring. His eyes were stuck there. His mouth went inexplicably dry.

"Come with me for a swim"

Remus blinked and shook his head "It's freezing, Sirius. The water is probably the same. Don't want to die frozen over"

Though Sirius didn't seem to mind the cold. And Remus's body was warming up with the sight.

Sirius smirked "Don't exaggerate, Moony. Cold water is good for the skin"

"I knew you wanted to kill me"

That made Sirius laugh deliciously.

"I am going in" he shrugged and ran inside the lake, gasping and whining for the cold.

"Told you!" Remus smiled as he hugged the bottle to himself.

"I'm completely chill" Sirius said with shaking teeth anyway, which made Remus laugh.

Then Sirius grinned and got fully inside the lake. Remus enjoyed the view of his back as he bent down.

"You're such a faggot, Remus" he whispered to himself before drinking up.

Sirius screamed as he got out. He looked glorious with his hair wet. He was a true Greek God that one. Like those hero statues.

"GET IN, MOONY! PLEASE!!"

Remus shook his head vehemently. But he was happy.

"DON'T BE A PUSSY, MOONY MOONS!"

"Yeah exactly" Remus said to himself "I am a pussy. And I would go there and eat your delicious fucking mouth, you fucking wanker"

"WHAT??"

"NOTHING!!"

God, Remus was an idiot. Another gulp.

Sirius had been the boy he had dreamt about since he was ten years old. Even before knowing what love was. No matter how much time passed, Sirius was always going to sweep Remus off his feet, make him feel alive, make his heart dance with happiness. And of course, make him do stupid things.

Like drowning more alcohol and stripping down.

"YEAH! THAT'S THE GRYFFINDOR I KNOW!"

Remus bit his lip "SHUT UP"

Remus got undressed quickly. Sirius was very confident of his body. He was constantly showing skin at the dorm, at gym class, even in the sunniest days. Not Remus. He was always hiding his feminine body with big sweaters and hoodies, he never got undressed in front of someone and he never showed more skin than part of his arms. His body wasn't nice to look at as Sirius's. He was covered in scars. He was too skinny. And he still hid his chest under a binder.

But tonight, Remus felt bold. He took his clothes off quickly minus his underwear and binder and got into the water before Sirius had the chance to watch.

And Sirius didn't seem to mind. He was beamed that Remus had followed his madness.

"THAT'S MY MOONY!"

The iced water hurt Remus's limbs for a few seconds. When he emerged, he screamed with cold.

"FUCKING HELL, SIRIUS!" Remus managed to say before his teeth shook "THIS IS FREEZING. JESUS, I AM GOING TO DIE!"

Sirius laughed at Remus's misery. He swam closer graciously.

"You get used to it"

"You're really insane, Padfoot" Remus's body shook involuntarily.

"It is fun"

Sirius was smiling as he approached.

"You have a twisted idea of fun, tosser" Remus laughed as he moved his arms in the attempt of getting warmer "Should we swim-race to warm up?"

"I have a better idea"

Remus stopped smiling when he realized Sirius was too close to him. He didn't seem to be in a joking mode anymore. He kept looking at Remus with intense seriousness. His gray eyes traveled through Remus's face over and over. And Remus was too pathetic to do anything.

He also didn't do anything as Sirius's hand reached forward. Remus was very still as Sirius put one of his locks away from his face.

"Is this the part when you kill me?" Remus whispered trying to joke and lose the tension. Though Sirius didn't laugh.

Sirius was lost in thought, looking as if he was fighting with himself. Despite the fact that he seemed to be hesitating, he scooped even closer. So close Remus could feel his warm breath and count the water drops across his face. He was so gorgeous it hurt.

"What are you doing to me, Remus?" Sirius asked, frowning a little with his eyes glistened with what appeared to be tears. Though Remus wasn't sure. It could have been the fact that Sirius was wet. "I cannot stop thinking about you" he was speaking very low and very slowly "I cannot stop thinking how much I want to kiss you"

He's drunk! Remus immediately told himself. He hit his head when he got into the lake! There had to be some explanation.

The reasonable part of Remus was sure this couldn't be possible. He thought this was a dream or a fantasy in Remus's mind. Maybe it was a prank. Maybe Sirius was making fun of him or provoking him because he was gay. Maybe Sirius wanted to see if Remus wanted to kiss him to raise his ego by having not only plenty of girls but a gay guy after him as well.

These thoughts crossed Remus's mind in only a second. But an irrational part of him shook them away.

"Kiss me then"

Remus didn't know where he got the confidence to say it without hesitation.

Sirius did as he was told. He didn't use force as he leaned in. On the contrary he closed his eyes, touched Remus's cheek and kissed him delicately.

It wasn't a wild kiss. It was more like lips touching each other shyly. It lasted only a second. A second in which Remus tasted glory. Then Sirius broke apart.

They were frozen for a sip of time to think about why they had done as they stared into each other.

And then boom!

They were glued back together like freaking magnets. This time they weren't shy and careful. This time it was all about passion. They moved quickly desperate to taste each other's tongues. They opened themselves for the other really fast. As soon as Remus's tongue touched Sirius's, he saw stars.

It was a wave of pleasure, and a wild electric shot all over Remus's body. He forgot about the cold. He forgot about the curfew and the possible wolves around. He forgot about everything. His own name even. He forgot about who he was and what he was.

All he knew was that he never wanted to stop what he was doing now. All he knew was that he couldn't believe he had lived without tasting this, without doing this. What had been life without Sirius's lips on his? What was life without Sirius's fingers running through his hair the way they were doing now?

Everything was Sirius, Sirius, Sirius, Sirius and Sirius. Remus didn't know anything else. He didn't need anything else.

He was finally alive. He was finally breathing. He had been dead until now.

And Remus cursed the fact that he was human, and his weak body needed air to survive. Remus's whole existence protested as Sirius pulled away to take a breath.

Remus was too overwhelmed to move so he only opened his eyes. And thank God he did, because the sight he had in front of him couldn't be missed.

Sirius, so beautiful, had his cheeks slightly pink, his wet hair a mess, his lips swollen and hydrated. Remus had tasted them seconds ago!

The best part was the way Sirius smiled which meant he was about to burst in joy as well as Remus. The latter even let out a soft laughter.

But seconds of torture were the ones in which Remus's lips weren't kissing Sirius's. He wanted him again. He wanted more. He wanted this forever. He wanted to kiss Sirius until the day he died.

So, Remus pulled Sirius from his neck into another snogging session. Impressively, this time better than the last one. Sirius ate his mouth hungrily, wrapping his arms around his neck and pulling Remus closer.

Remus's heart was going to explode out of his chest. He wouldn't mind mingling with Sirius's self until becoming one. This was where heaven was. Right here. And Remus didn't want to ever leave. Ever.

****

It was happening again. Sirius was acting weird after their kiss. It had been him who wanted to kiss Remus this time. This time Sirius didn't push him away immediately or panicked. He smiled against Remus's lips when Remus gave into the kiss. This kiss had been more passionate. It lasted longer. It included tongue and fucking butterflies inside of Remus.

But the result was the same. Sirius hadn't run away. He was shivering next to him after getting out of that lake. But he didn't look at Remus in the eye. Only whispering occasional things like: "I'm freezing", "Can we make a bonfire?". Remus didn't want things to be awkward between them.

"There you go" Remus said as he lit up the little bonfire, he had made for themselves. The heat warming up their cold bodies was pleasant.

Sirius was still shivering. He extended his hands towards the fire to warm them. Remus smiled because Sirius looked adorable.

Nobody realized there was a quiet, vulnerable, loving boy underneath the reckless cool mess Sirius was. He was the boy that did things like get out of the castle in the middle of a cold autumn night, swim in the lake, kiss someone until he left them out of breath, but also the same cute boy that shivered like a puppy from the cold.

Remus retrieved the spliff from his pocket that he reserved for tonight. But he reckoned it was going to help them now.

"Good thing it didn't get ruined"

Sirius smiled as he stared at it. "You're a genius, Remus"

Remus smiled and lit it, leaning his head to the fire in front of him to do so. He had his lighter on his pocket, but he figured it looked cooler like that. And he liked the way Sirius was looking at him.

He passed the spliff to Sirius after taking a drag.

"Do you think that if I make a Moon wish now, it will listen?"

Remus giggled remembering what they used to do as kids. How they wished on the Moon to be forever friends. Moon wishes were Hope's thing. Since she died, Remus hadn't believed in that sort of thing. He was surprised Sirius remembered. Remus thought he was joking but looking into his puppy sad eyes now, Remus realized he actually meant it. Maybe he needed to believe in something.

"Mum said you have to ask with faith in the Moon"

Sirius passed Remus the spliff and prepared himself "I think we would need blood this time, to make it work"

"And we are suddenly getting sadistic, aren't we?" Remus teased.

But Sirius wasn't joking "Do you have a knife?"

Remus loved how easily reckless Sirius appeared leaving vulnerable Sirius behind. He was the two of them at the same time. But different people.

"Do I look like I carry a knife around?" Remus raised an eyebrow. "I might not be a little prince like you... But it doesn't mean..."

"Shut up!" What has this turned into? A few minutes ago, Sirius was kissing Remus's lips passionately in the lake. This morning, they were normal as best friends. Remus was dizzy from this rollercoaster but didn't want to get off.

"Do you think a sharp branch would do?" Sirius added, looking around.

"Yeah, I've seen criminals pointing at people with branches sometimes" Remus answered sarcastically. Sirius smirked at him.

Sirius found a pointy branch that worked to make little cuts on their palms. Remus hissed as Sirius cut his palm without announcement. They touched bloody palms interlocking fingers. Remus's heart began beating fast. Although he didn't know if it was the ritual, the cut or the way Sirius made him feel. Sirius closed his eyes. He started whispering something inaudible. He looked translucent, beautiful, from another world. Remus didn't close his eyes to look at him. And stare and stare.

"Shouldn't I know your wish if I am helping you?"

Sirius shook his head as if Remus's question hurt him. "Please don't ask, Moony"

Remus didn't insist. Something intimate about his family probably. When Sirius was done whispering and opened his eyes. Remus was forced to add: "Please Moon, grant Sirius's wish. I give you my blood, some fire and my common sense apparently."

Sirius laughed with the last part "Thanks, Moony"

This was the origin of the nickname. Sirius had said Remus was like his little moon.

They stared into each other's eyes. Sirius's were watery but bright illumined by the fire. Now Remus was warm enough. He wanted to kiss Sirius again.

"Maybe we should forget about what happened" Sirius said as Remus was leaning in.

He raised an eyebrow "The Moon wish?"

Sirius bit his lip "The kiss"

Remus deflated like a balloon. After their first kiss, everything was torture because Sirius had gone weird, and they ignored each other all summer. They were fine again. Now Sirius wanted to forget it? Remus thought he liked him. It was Sirius who kissed him this time.

It was Sirius who confused him with his flirting and constant attention even if Remus had tried to forget about him. It had been Sirius who got jealous of Emmeline.

"You kissed me"

"I know"

"You bloody said 'I want to kiss you' and then you kissed me!"

"I know!" Sirius exclaimed then sighed, looking at Remus disappointed expression "I like you, Remus" there it was "I adore you. And I did want to kiss you. Like a lot"

Remus didn't answer even if Sirius smiled. He kept his eyes focused on the fire.

"You drive me crazy but..." There it was, the but. "You know I am not looking for a relationship... With anyone... I just don't want to hurt you"

Remus shrugged "Yeah yeah, neither do I" he said "I don't want a relationship"

It was a lie. He would love one with Sirius.

"But you kissed me"

Sirius let out a little laugh "And you kissed me back"

"Because you kissed me first!" Remus exclaimed "I guess we are both to blame here"

Sirius leaned closer, twisting his mouth hesitating before touching Remus's cheek. Remus was frozen under the touch.

"I don't regret kissing you" Sirius said a little lower. Remus frowned "I'd like to do it again. But I should not because I don't want you to get your hopes up and then..."

"You're not the last bloody coke in the desert, Sirius" Remus pulled away "And I am not a fucking experiment"

Sirius blinked, trying not to look hurt. And vulnerable like before.

"You learned I am gay, you wanted to see what was like to kiss a bloke. I get it"

Sirius shook his head.

"But you cannot just kiss me and.... And and...and then... you know..."

"That's why I am asking you to forget it! Because I made a mistake!" Sirius snapped "I don't see you as an experiment. I really fancy you! But you are also my friend. And a boy. And I am confused. I don't know what this makes me..."

"It makes you a wanker!"

"You know what? This!" Sirius pointed between them "Let's just forget it. It complicated things already" Sirius shook his head.

"Let's make it simple..." Remus answered "It has already been forgotten!"

"Fine!"

"Fine!"

In the heat of the argument, and the fire, and Remus's confused feelings, the two boys had gotten only inches apart. And just like magnets, they didn't lose time to eat each other's mouths again.

Strange thing. Remus remembered his hand was bloody, so he didn't know where to put it. But it didn't matter because he could not unglue his lips from Sirius. And Sirius didn't seem to want to stop. He was opening his mouth for Remus, leaning into the kiss. Remus decided not to think and let himself go.

They kissed (snogged) until they were out of breath. Somehow Remus ended up on top of Sirius with his ear pressed to Sirius's chest, listening to his heart beating fast for him. Remus smiled in delight.

Remus was laughing with the joy of the situation. Sirius was laughing as well. His body vibrated under Remus as he did so. His hands were on Remus's hair. Well, not the bloody one, Remus hoped. Who cared anyway?

"We don't have to stop if you don't want" Remus said, luckily not facing his friend "We can keep this a secret. I can wait for you to figure things out..."

"Remus," Sirius interrupted with a sad voice "I don't want to hurt you. I don't want to lose you"

Remus laughed only to lighten the situation. He didn't want to fight. Or lose Sirius as well.

He faced Sirius now, granting him a smile to ease his friend's worry.

"Relax, Padfoot!" Remus said "I'm not looking for a proposal. We are young. We can keep this casual. Right?"

Sirius's eyes were flicking through Remus's face trying to decide if he was telling the truth or not. Remus could tell he desperately wanted to believe him. He could do casual. If he made it work with Grant, he could make it work with Sirius.

'You don't love Grant like you love Sirius' a voice said inside his head 'You would like something more. A real relationship'.

Remus shut that voice down.

"Promise me something, Moony" Sirius said, touching Remus's hair gently "This is not going to ruin our friendship, right? Like I said, I don't want to lose you"

The way he said it, made Remus believe him. He spoke like he meant it. Like it was the only thing he was certain of. It was the same for Remus. He had found Sirius again. After believing he would never see him again. After missing him. Having Sirius back into his life was one of the best things that had happened to him. This thing, this connection between them was precious with kisses or without. Though Remus preferred it with kisses.

"I promise" Remus said with the same certainty. It made Sirius smile in relief.

That gave them green light. So, Sirius pulled Remus down for another round and he obeyed immediately. They were kissing for the fourth time, and it was wonderful. Remus wanted many more. He was already getting addicted to Sirius's lips.

 