
"I know that I shall meet my fate



Somewhere among the clouds above..."


 

When Draco Malfoy was told he would become a death eater, he was somewhat reserved about it all. It was just the final nail in the coffin of the past two years since Voldemort came back. In the back of his mind, he tried to make it better, thinking back to a time when he was younger and more naive. Back when being a death eater didn't seem so bad. Back when war was a game controlled by the likes of people like him. Back when he was blind and childish, a foolish boy  with a silver platter in front of him, a whisper in his ear telling him all he needed to know, and a mouth to repeat it back to others. Despite it all starting on a gloomy summer day a couple of years ago, that era of ignorance felt like a lifetime ago. No longer was war a game, no longer were people like him in control. He used to tell himself it was right, that it wouldn't be so bad. He tried to convince himself it was what he would want, as his father would want. Even if he knew, deep down, it wasn't what he wanted. Because who the fuck would want to be used as a puppet by a raving madman creating a war that would tear everyone apart? But it was his fate now; all he could do was accept it. The dark lord was unforgiving, cold, and cruel like a knife to the heart. He was aware he was a pawn, a dispensable asset. He would likely die. It wasn't as earth-shattering as one might think. He signed his life away when he took the mark, and he knew it. Maybe it struck him when he saw his mother's face, a cold mask of false pride, all shown to mask the sadness and fear in her eyes. He wanted to tell her it would be ok. But he wasn't raised to lie to his mother. 

 


"Malfoy's don't show fear, Draco."


 

He tried to channel the child oh so eager to please his father, even if it meant he didn't cry, didn't flinch as best he could. But that father didn't exist, not anymore. That father also told him that a Malfoy would shape his fate. Draco would not shape his fate. His fate was controlled. But he would accept it, without fear, without flinching, despite his human instinct telling him otherwise. Because just like being honest with his mother, he was a Malfoy, and that was how he was raised. He didn't fight back as a cold, gray hand of the serpent guided him to sign his life away. He spent his nights looking at the stars, looking for solace in the memories of his mother teaching him constellations, pointing out the one he was named after. Maybe when he met his fate, he would gain his place in the stars of his birthright. 

 

       "...Those I fight I do not hate, 


Those I guard I do not love..."


 

He spent his days of melancholy acceptance thinking. He was no longer the charismatic sharp boy saying anything on his mind, making up his twisted delusions of good and bad, of what he hates and loves. He wasn't a boy any longer, he was merely a memory of one, of who he once was. Before the mark, before the death. Before he knew what a rotting body looked like, before he sat down at his dining table to look into the eyes of monsters. Not people. Could it be that he is one of those monsters? Because he is among them, and like a lamb to the slaughter, he has only let them be monsters. He has only watched them as they took soul after soul. Does knowing wrong from right truly matter when you do nothing to stop these monsters? His cowardice has left blood on his hands and a mark on his forearm, and it will never be worth it, because he will die either way. Only now he will pass in a pool of the blood of others. Because he is a sheep among wolves and they will not hesitate to rip his insides from his body should he no longer be useful. And a stubborn part of him loathes to die at their hands, so he will continue to be useful. He will die a villain. But, he hopes that means he can die at the hands of the hero's. That his blood will pay back a small piece of the others.

 

As he withdraws further into his mind, he thinks of those he must fight. Of Potter and his friends, of those of supposed lower blood status. Of those he used to hate, back when hate was a childish game of schoolyard taunts, and spitting the acid fed to you by those you loved. He supposes they were enemies now, those he was supposed to fight, yet; he never thought of them with hate. It felt twisted in a sense, to fight those you didn't hate. He tries to use memories of hate, so when his eyes fell on them, he would glare from behind empty gray hues. He didn't taunt them how he remembered. Things were different now, he was different. But...maybe he wasn't. Maybe he just grew up. He supposes growing up will do that; erase the black and white boundaries of hate and love when he needs them most. 

 


If he knew the weight of all the horrible things he said back then, would he have said them?


 

He saw for whom hate came so easily, but he couldn't be like them. Despite who he was supposed to be, who he needed to be, he couldn't ever be like those monsters. The monsters didn't hesitate. He did. Despite the mark that permanently carved itself into his soul, placing him on their side, he could not love this. Not even his father, who had taught him so much, who had helped shape this cruel fate, could bring him to lie to himself and love the role of hatred thrust upon him. The ideals he fought for and the masters he served he did not love. Just like the hate he was supposed to embody, he couldn't love as he should either. He lied somewhere beyond love and hate. He wished he could be anything else. Sometimes, he even wishes he was one of the monsters. Despite the evil, despite the horrid things he saw, he would honestly prefer to belong, to have a clear loyalty. It was undeniably fucked up, even for him, but things would be easier. But he didn't hate, and he didn't love. He remained his own, a coward, a bully, and a pawn. He used to think everything came easy for him, in his memories it did at least. He wishes his memories could come true, but as his present and future intertwined, the past was left behind. Things are no longer easy for him, love is hard, and hate is harder.

 


"...My country is Kiltartan Cross,



My countrymen Kiltartan's poor..."


 

For all that said otherwise, Draco Malfoy did not see himself as a death eater first. He was a Malfoy before that. He played his role as a Malfoy, he kept his loyalties there, like his mother, always by his father's side, the embodiment of family loyalty. He was a Malfoy before and after a death eater. But he knew his fate lay between the before and after. Because in between lies Draco. Draco was not a Malfoy, not a death eater, not a monster. Draco was a boy in a man's war. Draco was a person, yet that person was hidden behind personas. Because before he could be Draco, he was Malfoy, and Malfoy was a death eater. And a death eater was a monster. 

 


"...No likely end could bring them loss



Or leave them happier than before..."


 

Just like his Mother, a mere observer at his father's side, who would not lose nor gain in the end. Anything she could lose or gain, despite the end, would even out. Just like his Father, who no longer embodied the man he once was, Lord Malfoy was just Malfoy before the dark lord. Malfoy, where his loyalties lie, was before and after. But just like his mother and father, Draco wouldn't have any loss or gain. Why? Because one way or another, despite any outcome, Draco will die, if not in body, then in soul. Draco was a person, shaped first by the luxuries of a life unburdened by hardship. Then that cozy little illusion was shattered by war. And war means that people die. It doesn't matter who they were. War is unforgiving, and Draco was unforgivable. War would kill Draco, slowly but surely, as he begins to lose track of who he is. Draco is already buried. But, it doesn't matter who he is anymore. Either way, his fate was the same.

 


"...Nor law nor duty bade me fight, 



Nor publicmen nor cheering crowds..."


 

Perhaps this is why he didn't understand why he went along with this fight, a fruitless war where he got no satisfaction. It was not his duty to fight, there were more who were capable, better or worse than he. No law compelled him towards this, no family rule or twisted ideal. There were sympathizers, markless ones. He felt no obligation to this cause, no duty to himself or anyone. Nobody would cheer or celebrate him, his fellow death eater only looked at him with mocking disdain. No recognition would come, he was as good as nothing in the dark lord's eyes. A means to an end. There was nothing for him in this war. Humans would never benefit from war. Only monsters. And Draco is too much of a coward to ever become a monster. But he didn't have a choice. War doesn't choose who it takes from, it just takes and takes, no matter how good or bad you are. 

 


"...A lonely impulse of delight



Drove to this tumult in the clouds..."


 

All he was given to fill the void of reason was a strange sense of contempt. Not happiness, contempt. He got lost in his orders, fixing the cabinet dutifully. The busy work and puzzle solved was a mere distraction, a brief glimpse of purpose, of joy. But then he would remember, the stakes, the place he used to call home, his mother...and it would all come tumbling down around him. He had contemplated disappearing, dying, even betraying the dark lord. But it was futile, and he would return to work on the cabinet the next day. He was lonely, whether by himself or in company. But he would forget when doing his task, finding comfort in twisted progress. He stopped caring about the consequences of his actions. He doesn't think he will live to see them. Perhaps it was that twisted line of thought that led him here in the first place. If he can't bring himself to hate or love as he should, then he will manage with his apathy and his lonely glimpses of flawed purpose.

 


"...I balanced all, brought all to mind..."


 

Sometimes when he saw flashes of green eyes, he wished to deter his fate. It was silly, but there was something that made him want to change his ways. It was the culmination of love and hate. Maybe in another life, he would. But when everything came around, his fate was set. He was caught in the crossfire, in his head and his life. He had plenty of time to think, to plot. And he did. He thought of all possibilities, and all outcomes, but he couldn't find any comfort in fantasy when his fate remained unchanged. The reality was cruel, too cruel. Too real. So he continued on his course, like a lone ship in stormy waters, headed in one direction till the storm was passed. Whether he drowned or not, well...it didn't matter. He placed his dreams safely in a box tucked away in the recesses of his mind. He lived in reality, and he would die there too. At least he had some certainty in that. He had made up his mind.Perhaps he shouldn't have been so cowardly. Perhaps he spoke too soon, but there is nothing he can do, he is stuck. Lost. The eyes that look back in the mirror don't look right anymore, he doesn't look right anymore.

 

"...The years to come seemed waste of breath..."

 

He didn't think of the future much. The future wasn't certain. There was no worth thinking and agonizing over something that may not even arrive. When it was brought up, what he would do, and who he would become, he brushed it off. A waste of time, all of it. The present took enough out of him. Any slip-up, any mistake, and the future would be canceled. So he would cross that bridge if he came to it. If he ever did. He would fantasize about his future, arriving all prim and proper, which was silly. He would arrive in the future bruised and bleeding, and probably wishing he never did. It was truly a waste. Well, that's assuming he had a future anymore. The way things were going? He wasn't optimistic.

 


"...A waste of breath the years behind..."


 

If the present had eaten away at his future, it had eaten away his past first. Usually, you would turn to your memories last, but Draco had long realized, perhaps sooner than he would like, that his memories were fleeting. Just like his future, his past felt like a lifetime away. The way time blended in a blur only to have each week feel like years was truly cruel. It was too much. His past wouldn't save him any more than recklessly throwing himself toward an uncertain future would. He was who he was. He had changed. The future no longer existed and the past no longer mattered. Trying to live in either was fruitless and meaningless. He was trapped in the present, with no means to escape.

 


"...In balance with this life, this death."


 

Even with his newfound apathy, life proved ever difficult. No matter how resilient you pretend to be, everything catches up to you. A pivotal moment of weakness. You can cry all you want, break down in what you thought was an empty bathroom, and nothing will change. When you catch a glimpse of green eyes in the mirror staring at you with an unreadable expression, all the feelings you've been dealing with alone, everything you could think escapes you. Draco drew his wand first. It's funny. Magic can bring about everything, from your birth to your death. And as Draco lies bleeding out on the bathroom floor, life fading from his gray blue eyes. Color bled out of him with his own blood. He felt...free. He had lived, and now he would die. He could make out glimpses of green, filled with emotion he could no longer recognize, he could feel a smile etch its way onto his lips. He said what could only be his final goodbye on the cold bathroom floor. This would be it. He would take his final breath, and everything would finally be over. He wasn't sad about it anymore. It...wasn't sad. Maybe that thought nearly made him wish this wasn't what fate had in store for him. Maybe he knew his inner child would be horrified by a fate like this. Maybe it was because what kind of fate that involved bleeding out on the bathroom floor is considered good? But... it was. Compared to other options. He didn't have time for regrets now. He had foreseen that he would die. He knew he would. He should be grateful for this death, this cowards way out. He'll avoid the worst of this war. His blood is everywhere. Fucking... Potter is standing over him. He doesn't look happy. Draco looks happy though. In a bittersweet kind of way, that smile forms. He thinks there's a tear on his cheek, but he doesn't know if it's his. He tries to take a breath. It's shaky. It hurts. But it could be worse. He wants to say something, as he's dying, dying looking into those green eyes he so often stared at. He wants to say something. Even with shaky words and bated breath, he wants to say something. He wants these final words that will belong to Draco. For his life, his death.

 

 


"...Scared...? You wish..."


 

 

 


An Irish Airman foresees his Death, 


 