PROLOGUE

 

At Malfoy manor: The Malfoy's have always had a gift. Their family tapestry is always updated when the heir's soulmate has first displayed magic. This is a closely guarded secret in the family one only the heir and lord of the family knows. So when on October 7th 1982 Lord Lucius Malfoy sees his 2 year old son's name connected to another already he is unsurprised; at least at first. He's puzzled and quite scared when the name Hermione Granger-Black is listed. Because 1.) he has never met this child and he's met every pureblood child in England 2.) both Black brothers are incapacitated. One in prison the other is dead. It is times like this one when Lucius wishes his father was still alive or he could talk to his wife Narcissa Malfoy nee Black. Unfortunately the former's portrait is a gossip and the other may never know before the heir about this particular family magic.

 

The granger household: I knew that he would never get away with faking his death. I also never thought I would be doing all of this alone. Hermione is such a bright girl going through the children's books so quickly. Jean Granger is a nervous mom, always extra cautious. One has to be when their boyfriend goes mysteriously missing 3 years ago. Before she even got the chance to tell him he'll be a father. She can only hope as she leaves France behind that he is okay. Some days she regrets leaving France. Because some days it feels like she forgot something important, something dangerous. And now she can no longer find any traces of Hermione's father in her

Hermione and Harry fight and the friendship comes to an endshe also gets resorted into another house

A/N: imma skip to when hermione wakes up in the hospital i'm horrible with cannon events so very loose about those oops


(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)


CHAPTER ONE: The Betrayal

Hermione's pov:

I feel so drowsy. Unaware of where I am, it smells vaguely like old books and stale potion bottles. Slowly opening my eyes I look around my surroundings realising I'm in the hospital wing of Hogwarts, my brain slowly catches up with all that has happened. Flooing Sirius and kreacher answering, luring Umbridge to the forbidden forest, riding threasterals to the Ministry Of Magic, Malfoy's weird order for no harm to come to me. Harry, Ron, and Ginny's look of betrayal of said order, my shock and finally Harry shouting now and running. Silencing Antonin Dolohov before he could say his purple spell and the pain. Oh god the pain is considerably the worst heat to ever touch my skin it feels so hot the rest of my body is frozen in comparison. Madam Pomfrey rushes to my bed along with professor snape who is sneering with a mild look of concern in his eyes. Handing me a pain potion as setting an array of 5 other potions on my night table. Cringing the potion down, the blinding pain recedes and I'm able to focus on the other people in the room. Neville in a bed across from me; Harry is sitting in a chair on my left side looking at me with a wildness I've only seen on his face twice before.

He abruptly drops my hand sneering " is that why you said it was a trap? You clearly weren't supposed to be there Lucius was sure fucking pissed once he saw you injured! How could you betray me? Betray Sirius? Ron, Ginny, how about Neville?" Harry continues to shout at me

but my brain just keeps circling on the word betrayal... "betrayed?" I whisper. My confusion quickly morphs into sadness, then righteous anger as what all Harry has said processes. " I almost just fucking died for you because you can't fucking listen or think through a single life threatening event once in your life. Every one of us could have been killed because you are too fucking stupid to use any rational thought processes. I said it was a trap because the house elf that hates Sirius told us he was gone was concrete proof he was taken. Why didn't you use the enchanted mirror he gave you? Did you even try? No you didn't, you took us to the one place in all of Hogwarts that is the most dangerous this year. And did you get us out of that mess? No, that was me youre welcome by the way. If Sirius or anyone else died that is completely and totally on you!" I finished all in one breath, all eyes in the room wide open and jaws dropped not expecting me to completely snap.

Headmaster Dumbledore and Sirius walk into the hospital wing standing back by the other professors in shock of everything Harry and I have said.Harry recovers first, seemingly not having actually heard a single thing. I said " Hermione, I just can't believe you could hurt everyone like this, even Mrs.Weasley is disappointed in you; she says you are just too far to be in Gryffindor. That you just use me for the fame and protection from the Slythrins. I honestly don't think I even know you anymore 'Mione..." the last of his speech sounding like a beg.

To prove Mrs.Weasley wrong; To say something, anything. And I can't the heartbreak physically showing pouring down my face, the agony that Harry that anyone believes this of me; too painful for me to accept. Sobs turning into hiccups. Finally, an adult steps in and has Harry leave Sirius along with him like he's finally seen a ghost. Madam Pomfrey explains what each potion does as no one knows what type of curse I was hit with although she assures me that Headmaster Dumbledore is working tirelessly on a solution with the assistance of professor Snape. Everyone at the hospital knows that it means that professor Snape is doing all of the real work while continuing all of his other duties. And for a moment she feels guilty for the extra work she's causing him. Vowing to not give him extra length or to write extra small until he can figure it out.

Dumbledore clears his throat loudly and proclaims sadly " Ms.Granger I fear I have more bad news to deliver. Unexpectedly your mother has moved away and is unable to be reached; and with no father listed I have to insist that you find a friend to stay with this summer... seeing how that is no longer an option Professor Snape and Mr.Black will escort you to Gringotts for an inheritance test to see if their a magical relative you can stay with." he then dawns a condensing smile as Professor Mcgonagall enters with the sorting hat in tow. His eyes sparkling with uncontained glee at the prospect of her leaving his precious house.

" my dear i'm so sorry but quite a few students have expressed feeling unsafe with you in Gryffindor after what has happened in the Department Of Mysteries. " gently clearing her throat and with sad eyes Mcgonagall places the sorting hat upon my head.

'Oh?! I've already sorted you, why do you need to know your house this is much later in the year than what is typical.'

'my housemates no longer feel safe so this is a forced resorting i do believe we both would much rather be doing something or rather anything else' i sob my reply

'I see, I see well this is certainly most curious. I told you five years ago Gryffindor would just bring you heartbreak and betrayal. It is often the house of the brave that forgets what loyalty truly is. Do you have any requests this time?'

'no- actually just.. Please send me somewhere they won't believe what they say about me, somewhere where I can trust my friends and they can trust me.'

'In that case it better be...'

"SLYTHERIN"

by later tonight I meant now? next chapter will be next week? I think it depends on how much editing it needs