He saw them in the distance as he walked from the train station to the boats. He had been absorbing all of the wondrous sights while staying in step with Lily. Seeing the Hogwarts train had sent a rush through him, but everything his eyes landed on made his chest surge more and more, as if he was attached to a socket that increased its charge with every bit of magic witnessed. A life in cold, grey Cokeworth made everything in comparison more vibrant. The stories his mother had reluctantly shared when he first started showing accidental magic did no justice to the energy around him. No wonder muggles thought faerie rings transported them to another world if this is what being surrounded by magic felt like; as if you were no longer in the same dimension. While the half-giant- Hagrid, he remembered- corralled him and his fellow first years to the docks, his eyes had followed the older students, watching as they left in the opposite direction of the lake towards the carriages. Towards them.

 

The closest thing he could relate them to were pegasi, but it seemed wrong to compare the two. The tight, grey skin enveloping bone, thin purple veins visible through the epidermis. The spindly wings, too sharp to compare to a bat's, more like the pterodactyl he saw during a primary trip to the museum. The ominous eyes, so white they glowed blue, even from far away. He noticed how seemingly no one saw them, a few older students almost crashing into them, redirecting at the last possible second. 

 

It was lucky-or decidedly unlucky- that during the opening feast, a second year pureblood asked what pulls the carriages? A random fourth year's flippant magic, obviously; they're enchanted, confused him more than the morbid creatures had. Inherent Slytherin preservation prevented him from asking his own questions. No need to bring unwanted attention to the poor, half-blooded, muggle-raised and muggleborn-loving, greasy-headed loser. It was two years later, during a lesson of Care of Magical Creatures that he finally received an answer.

 

Thestrals.

 

Dark creatures only seen by those that had witnessed death.

 

Problem was, he had never seen anyone die.

 

More independent research revealed the creatures were not evil or omens, but rather misunderstood and gentle. Demonized by their appearance, something he related strongly to, carnivorous diet, and their association with death, but not dangerous in any way. However, all of the books said the same thing as Kettleburn- only those that had witnessed death could see the creatures. 

 

What classified as death was both specific and debated. The death of a beloved pet did not result in seeing the thestrals, but the death of a centaur or mermaid did, bringing into question what counted as a Sentient being. Seeing a dead body was not enough, neither was seeing someone sick or injured dying, and then seeing their dead body. You had to see the moment of death, the person going from Living to Dead, understanding that the person was no longer alive and was now gone. 

 

In any and all cases, none of it applied to Severus. 

 

He had never seen someone gravely sick or injured, never seen a dead body, never had a pet to witness the cycle of life. 

 

He had definitely never witnessed someone dying. 

 

Certainly, his mother had come close to it a few times, his bastard father dragging her to the edge more than once. Even his father had almost crossed over, his beloved liquor poisoning him slowly throughout the years, until one day it stopped his breathing during a drunk induced nap. The bottle crashing from his hand to the floor startled him awake, preventing what would have been a very happy occasion in Severus's book.

 

But neither had actually passed away, rendering them moot points in this quandary. 

 

"Fugly Halfblood. Watch where you're going," Nott spat at him. 

 

"Ha! He's so fugly, I bet even his own mother doesn't love him," Yaxley laughed.

 

They aren't far off.

 

Severus had long made peace with knowing that no one loved him. Sure, he had Lily, but as much as she said she loved him, it wasn't the same as the familial love her parents doted on her. And three years at an institution that separated them socially had mostly tempered her affection towards him. None of his fellow Slytherins wished to engage with a Halfblood blood traitor, and none of the other Houses wanted to interact with the Slytherin Pariah, a title gleefully bestowed and enforced by those immoral Marauders. 

 

When he was younger and would escape at night, he would go to other people's houses and watch them. See how they ate dinner together, or watched the telly, or played games. It was how he found out Lily was like him. The Evan's house had a huge elm tree outside that allowed him to see the children being put to bed with a story and a kiss on the forehead. He would wonder what it would feel like, and sometimes he could imagine it so vividly it was like he could actually feel it like a memory. Doing so would cause tears to fall out of his eyes, and he had long learned that tears did nothing but bring more trouble, so he stopped his nightly watching and imagining. 

 

A first birthday, a first act of magic, and a proposal


(See the end of the chapter for notes.)


"Which one do you want, Sevvy? Do you want this one?" Doreen asked, grabbing a small plush giraffe and prancing it in front of Severus. She bounced him in her arms as she continued to play with the giraffe for him, but his bright eyes were focused on the top shelf. There sat a row of fluffy pandas, about the same size as he was. His little brows furrowed and suddenly, one of the pandas gently lifted off the shelf, and lowered until it was floating just within his arms reach. Doreen gaped in awe as little Severus plucked the bear out of the air and crushed it to himself. She quickly looked around to see if anyone else saw before exuberantly kissing Severus all over his head and face to his utter glee.

 

"You want that one Sevvy? You want Chi-Chi for your birthday?" She squealed before kissing his head again and lowering her voice to whisper in his ear.

 

"My beautiful, magic boy! You are so powerful! You are going to be the greatest little wizard ever! Greater than Merlin!" 

 

She gave him one more smacking kiss and walked towards the register.

 

"Let's get you Chi-Chi then, Sevvy. The best for my birthday boy!"

 

Her joy at his show of accidental magic at such a young age was only slightly dampened at seeing the price of the panda. However, she handed the money to the cashier, deciding that she and Severus would just share a small cone instead of the sundae she originally planned. 

 

She walked out of the gift shop and headed towards the ice cream cart, booping Severus with the panda every so often to hear his peal of baby giggles. 

 

"Miss Doreen! Miss Doreen!" She turned at the man yelling her name and immediately straightened her back with an unconscious blush pinking her cheeks. 

 

"Kenny! I mean, Mr. Kenneth, how wonderful to see you here," she said, flushing deeper at her slip.

 

"It's alright, I like it when you call me Kenny, Miss Doreen," he said with a matching blush. 

 

"And I liked it when you called me Dory last week," she admitted shyly.

 

"I wanted to, but I didn't know how you would react to me regarding you so personally at such a volume. I didn't want to lose you in the crowd, you see," he said, tugging on his collar bashfully.

 

"Oh, I wouldn't mind it from you, Kenny," she said softly.  

 

They both smiled, eyes locked together, warmth in their chest.

 

"Baba!"

 

The adults jerked out of the clouds and looked at a proud little Severus, showing off his new friend.

 

"Well, hello there, Mr. Severus! Got yourself a panda, I see! Aren't you a fine hunter?"

 

"He plucked it right off the shelf, didn't you Sevvy?" Doreen said as she nuzzled the baby's cheek.

 

"Excellent taste, my boy!"

 

Kenneth and Doreen shared another smile over Severus and they once again softened at each other's gaze.

 

"So what brought you here, Kenny? Fate?" She teased lightly.

 

"No," he chuckled, "You mentioned wanting to come to the zoo for the wee tyke's birthday and I wanted to bump into each other."

 

Doreen giggled at his confession, feeling like her heart would burst at his words. 

 

"Actually Dory, I came here because I have some news."

 

"Oh?"

 

"The company gave me a promotion."

 

"Oh, that's wonderful Kenny!"

 

"It is! They are also giving me a car and a small home."

 

"How marvelous!"

 

"It's in America, Dory," he said softly, somberness bleeding onto his face.

 

Doreen's smile dropped completely, the shock not even allowing the pretense of a polite smile.

 

"California, to be specific. They want me out there by the day after tomorrow."

 

"Oh, oh, well that's wonderful, Kenny. Such a, a fantastic opportunity umm for you, I mean-"

 

"I want you to come with me."

 

"What?"

 

"To California."

 

"Kenny, I..."

 

"Come with me,'' he implored, bringing one hand to her hip and the other to cradle her cheek. "Come with me to California. We'll soak up the sun and rollerskate on piers. I'll bring you flowers every day after work and take you dancing every week."

 

"But what about Severus?"

 

"Bring him too!"

 

"Kenny, I can't just take my nephew out of the country!" She furiously whispered at him, eyes furtive for anyone who heard her blasphemy.

 

"Of course you can! Dory love, I have a friend at the courthouse. He can draw up papers, legal ones, that say that Severus is your son. Look, Tobias is a drunk that doesn't know his elbow from his ear. Eileen doesn't care for or about Severus, you said so yourself. It doesn't matter that you didn't birth him, Dory. You are the only parent he has. And if you come with me, you won't have to do it alone. I'll take care of you. Both of you. Raise him as my own. Show him how to play catch and cards."

 

"No, Kenny, you don't understand; Severus is different, special."

 

"Special cards, then."

 

"Kenny," she sighed, "I have to go or I'll miss the train back to Cokeworth."

 

"Dory, wait," he searched her eyes, then hauled her in for a desperate kiss, Severus letting out a small oof at the jostling even though Kenneth took care to avoid crushing him.

 

"The flight leaves tomorrow at noon. I know you and Severus are a package deal. I don't care if he is one of those special kids, we'll figure it out. I want us to be a family, together, in California. I'll make it so you never cry again, unless it's of joy. I'll have the papers with me if you decide to come. I pray you will."

 

He tore himself away and slowly walked backwards to continue watching her frozen form, then trotted out the zoo to hail a cab.

 

Doreen let out a gust of air and then looked down at her nephew clenching the fur of his panda bear. 

 

"California. Wouldn't that be something, Sevvy,'' she told him wistfully. She shook herself and started marching to the station. 

 

"Come on, birthday boy, let's have that ice cream while we wait for the train."

 

Chi-Chi was a real panda at the London Zoo in the 1960s, when our story takes place

Blood does not a parent make

Note the trigger warnings from here on out

It was late in the evening when Severus and Doreen came home. He was drooling on her shoulder, one hand holding on to his new bear.

 

"We're home!"

 

Something glass shattering answered her call. 

 

Tobias stumbled out of the kitchen and turned to look at her with drunken confusion.

 

"The fuck you been?"

 

"I had errands in London. Where are you going?" she asked as he grabbed his coat from the hook on the wall by the door. She pressed the sleeping Severus closer to her chest as he walked past her.

 

"Heading down to the pub. Don't wait up."

 

A quick look of disgust flashed across his face as he looked at the babe in her arms before he left the house. The following door slam startled Severus awake. Doreen quickly soothed him, but the damage was done and Severus started wailing.

 

"Why is It always crying?"

 

Doreen didn't stop bouncing Severus as she looked at Eileen's pinched face. 

 

"The door woke him up."

 

Eileen walked back into the kitchen, obviously done with the interaction. Doreen followed gingerly. She carefully placed the diaper bag on the worn blue table, trying not to jostle a recently soothed Severus as she took out the empty bottle to wash. She watched as Eileen cleaned up a shattered dinner plate from the floor, sidestepping a boiled broccoli that had rolled near the sink. 

 

"When did you get that toy?"

 

"Actually it's part of a wonderful piece of news. Severus did magic today."

 

Eileen froze on the ground before quickly finishing up wiping the mess.

 

"That's impossible."

 

"It's true. He floated the panda bear right off the shelf in the middle of the London Zoo gift shop."

 

"What were you even doing at the London Zoo?"

 

"I took him there for his birthday today."

 

Eileen was expressionless, yet her hand stuttered as she tossed the wasted plate and food into the bin. 

 

"So you wasted an entire day and spent who knows how much money instead of helping me clean the house. Well, isn't it nice to be princess?" Eileen mocked as she busied herself putting the unused glasses and cutlery away.

 

"I took Severus on a special outing because it is his birthday. I bought the bear because it was his first piece of magic. I thought you would be proud of him."

 

"Pah!" Eileen slammed the cabinet door shut. "That Thing is too much of a weakling to have done magic, especially at Its age. You probably banged the shelf and thought a falling toy was magic."

 

"Eileen, it didn't fall! It floated down and stayed suspended in the air until he grabbed it! Don't you see? You thought the illness he had when he was born would leave him unable to do magic, but it didn't!"

 

"It will never do magic!" Eileen exploded. Severus again started crying at the sound. Eileen's beady eyes focused on him. "If It does magic, Tobias will never accept It as his son. At least this way It has a chance at someone loving It."

 

Tears filled Doreen's eyes as she held Severus to her chest, trying to hide him from his mother's cruel words.

 

"I don't understand. You were so excited when you found out you were with child. How can you say such horrible-"

 

Eileen cut her off with a derisive scoff.

 

"That Thing has been a disappointment from the moment It was born. It would have been better off being born dead."

 

Doreen clenched her teeth and fought the urge to crush Severus to herself any tighter, lest she actually hurt him. Pain and sadness filled her heart for her baby nephew, as well as undiluted rage at his sorry excuse of a mother. 

 

"I'm going to put Severus to bed. Goodnight, Eileen," she whispered through clenched teeth.

 

"Pray to that god of yours It doesn't wake up tomorrow."

 

Don't worry, Doreen wanted to say, I'll make sure he doesn't wake up here.

 

 